15-30 minute game sessions?

Fun parts: seeing swarms of ships, seeing ships flow b/w planets, paring down the interface to
see insights.

Idea for ship rotating: when sending to new planet, pick new angle, orbit distance. Calculate
new target point as if orbiting the new planet. Send from current point to new point. On
arrival, begin orbiting.

Combat
- Can only take place over POIs?
- Or ships can fight en route?
- Ships can be upgraded
- Should ships have 1-on-1 combat, w/ each shot simulated?
- Shots that strike the planet could damage it?

Consider not having a slush fund of empire-wide resources, but rather, resources are simulated
physical objects that must be transferred between planets/systems. Gives weight to the 
economic layer.

Maybe tech can be the only empire-wide slush fund, which makes sense.

Maybe tech/culture is how you maintain star lanes? Create them on that layer? Cost resources to
maintain?

Multiple victory conditions. Maybe culture = civilians? That's what you model/simulate, and they
multiple the other factors like economic?

Can build things visible on planets. Zoom in to see them

Thematic hole... are you controlling planets? Systems? Starbases?

Perahps third layer (cultural?) is the one where you build infrastructure?

Or the base layer is where you build

Problems is that the third layer, I don't have a cohesive raison d'etre yet.
- Military layer, route combat ships
- Economic layer, route resources
- ... third layer?

Should each layer stand on its own as a game, even if a simple one? Or should the game require
diligent switching between layers?

Maybe there shouldn't be a third layer/lens. Model only economic and military. But, that doesn't
capture a third dimension that I want to model. The culture/happiness of the empire.

Maybe cultural layer shows expanding rings as the influence of the system grows. Populate empty
space w/ minor elements of interest that only are interacted with by civilians.

Military/corporate/civilians?

Pins or fleet markers in fleets as they travel?

Cannot connect trade routes or military supply lines b/w hostile planets? Can only send fleets, 
trade missions, diplomatic envoys?

Maybe trade routes can only be maintained on star lanes, same for supply lines.

But fleets, trade missions, envoys can be sent through deep space?

So, the third layer (civilian) is used to create and maintain star lanes? [Or perhaps you need
a star lane building on a planet, and it's connected to the closest other planet with a matching
building?]

Star lanes passively boost income, culture, etc. but require resources to build?

Trade routes move resources on lines. Directed. Military supply lines move ships, are directed.
Starlanes are not directed?

Maybe add back credits?